Meeting w Company Reps
  usually there is a talk with hr, manager + maybe skip level
  they usually have a checklist of things to do
  ask questions

Listen to music loudly, cry, scream, talk to friends and family, commiserate, let it all out
Dont let negative thoughts win. We can talk for days about this, but fight on

Severance package 
  heard this is negotiable
  you'll need to read and sign

Unemployment
  do this right away. this is for Cali residents - https://edd.ca.gov/unemployment/

Healthcare
  If you're single, go sign up for the cobra health coverage -- add link to cobra
  If you are married, make your significant other add you to their health plan
  use all your healthcare bennies, go to dentist, doctor, eye doctor
  FSA - use it all or lose it

Stonks
  RSU
    if you have RSUs you'll need to pay for them
  Stock Options
    Hopefully the full amount vests right away
  If these accounts are connected to your work email, go in and change anything related to work to your personal bits
  you can transfer to your main brokerage account later

Cash
  If you're getting a fat check, don't spend it all at once. You might need it for the road ahead. shove it into a high yield savings and let it gain 5% ( as of may 17th 2024 )
  here's a wealthfront referral link that will get you 5.5% for 3 months then 5% after that:
  https://www.wealthfront.com/c/affiliates/invited/AFFD-6TC4-BG5A-X5Z1
    -- full disclousure, i also get 3 months of 5.5% when you use the link, but i've already maxed out my referrals so please find someone else who hasn't had a referral and use their referral link. you'll both win. if you don't know anyone, i know some folks.

Finances
  cut out any expenses you truly don't need

Reset?
  you know yourself best, so take whatever time off you need. I didn't have the luxury, I started hunting right away. I have a short story to tell, later.
  Clean up your home. Pet your kids. Think. Create a business. Hang out with other laid off people. eat well. sleep. ride a bike :)

Fix up your resume!
  It'll suck to recall what you did before you got canned, but just do it

Once you're ready
   Clean up your desk, clean up your computer, get your email ready
   Connect with people! Connections are usually your best bet. Once you've exhausted that you can use the list of sites below. i know theres more job sites out there, those just some examples
   Keep your interview clothes on standby

Career pages
   Linkedin.com -- <3 the linkedin family i didn't know i had, support is amazing <3
   craigslist.org
   dice.com
   wellfound.com
   glassdoor.com
   indeed.com - i know this one hurts, sorry friends
   ziprecruiter.com
   https://www.upwork.com/resources/best-job-search-website

Keep the jobs, offers, and communication lines organized. You don't want to send the wrong reply to the wrong person. 


    
